
No thank you. Does the 2019 Rio LX come with an anti-theft system?
My Kia Sorento has stalled and won’t start due to anti-theft
Does my Kia forte 2016 have Anti-theft tracking?
Anti-theft
does the kia soul + come standard with anti-theft device?
Does it have Anti-Theft?
Which anti-theft device does this 2018 Kia Sportage LX AWD have?
Does the 2018 Kia Forte have an anti-theft system?
do the 2018 Forte have an anti-theft system?
does the base kia soul have an anti-theft system
Does the 2109 Kia Forte have an anti theft device?
what anti theft device does the 2018 Sportage have
2016 anti theft kia
Does Kia sell anti theft tire valve stem caps for 2013 Kia forte ex
I bought  a used 2014 Sportage with 17 " mag whls with the special anti theft lug nut. I can't find the special socket to rmv the whl. Where should it be?  How much is a new one??
does Kia lx+AT have anti theft option 
does the 2018 sportage have a anti theft system
A guy that was trying to replace my wiper let the wiper leg fall on my windshield and cracked it. Do I have a Kia warranty
yes kia soul, sun roof, leg room, light color interior
How much leg room in the 2019 kia optima.
Optima does not have sufficent leg room unless they have changed since mid 2000's
Nice looking car I'm about six foot four would that be enough leg room in there for me
does sedona still have 2nd row foot leg support like first class airline seat?
FEBRUARY  Who will lift the trophy in Gdansk in May? Who will lift the trophy in Gdansk in May? ©Getty Images 20 February: Round of 32, first leg 27 February: Round of 32, second leg 28 February: Round of 16 draw, Nyon
Second road leg room for telluride and if is 8 passengers?
what is the rear leg room on that?
rea leg room?
i am looking at the SUVs.  Sportage is the first one I looked at.  Could you give me an idea of the rear leg room in that?
I have seen pictures with second row seats that recline, with an elevated leg rest.
kia forte leg room?
What is the second row leg room?
How much leg room?
I need a car or SUV for husband 6'8 lots of leg room?
We are big people we need leg room and butt room
Need lots of leg room my man 6ft tall
head room,  front/rear. Leg room, front/rear. Shoulder room, front rear. Passenger volume. Cargo capacity, seats up/down
Just looking but had a question in regards to the ground clearance of the Sportage LX.  My wife has limited leg mobility and I cannot get something too tall or difficult for her to get into. 
Do any Kia automobiles have reclining seats with leg rest?
No, I'd rather have extra leg room with 2 rows seating.
I do not want sales people calling me yet.  I am just checking different models.  I love my 2015 Soul, but I have a bad back and leg problems which make it hard getting in and out of my car.  I need something a foot higher.
What Kia has the most leg room
soul leg room
Explain the driver leg extension
Explain the driver extended leg extender
how much leg room is in the optima
Most leg and head room
interior specs leg room front seat
What about the comfort for the passengers in a new Kia? What about leg room and ease of entering and exit?
I am not sure. I just know I need a lot of leg room. We are a tall family
whats the front leg room
Does the leg extender only come in the Sorento, and is it only on some models?
i am looking for a car that has great leg room
what does leg room and hip room actually measure? from where to where inside the vehicle?